README.md, before:

# GeoCapture
GeoCapture is a program for automatically processing data received from geostationary satellites such as GK-2A.

## About
GeoCapture is designed to automatically take raw infrared LRIT images to bring out subtle details otherwise not recognized in the original image, as well as generate animations. GeoCapture is
built to process all of this data automatically, so you don't have to lift a finger. However, GeoCapture can be easily configured for manual use.
**See more information below**

## Features:
- Fully Automatic Image Processing
- Enhances Landmass and brings out subtle details by running Contrast Limited Adaptive Histogram Equalisation (CLAHE) on each frame.
- Automatically Parses and overlays relevant data
- *Incredibly* detailed log files.

## Soon to be added:
- Add false colour Overlays (eg. Enhanced Temperature)
- Underlay false colour
- Add crops for certain locations
- Repair dropped frames/packets
- Sharpen images

## Running GeoCapture
- Currently, the main script is `batch_process.py`, which, after being run, automatically does all the processing. It's relatively easy to change input directories/output locations from the code, where everything is clearly commented, however the ability to parse this argument wise will be added in the future. All the enhancements and processes are in the `geocap_utils.py` header file, although I am still moving some across.

## Output files
**These can easily be changed**
- Directory containing all processed frames
- One video animation **for each day**
- One video animation containing all processed frames

## System Requirements
This script is relatively lightweight, using less than `200mb` of RAM and less than `20%` utilisation of my CPU (Quad core - 1.8GHZ) during testing. This may change as I add in more features, but it should stay relatively light.
I have restricted the running speed of the program by having it pause after processing a certain number of frames (200 frames right now), which **can** be disabled.
- Ram: `4Gb`
- Disk Space: >`10Gb`
- Processor: `1Ghz Dual Core` - (Anything built within the past 5 years for a laptop or desktop should work just fine)

This script should be able to be run alongside programs such as `GOESRECV` and `XRIT-RX` on a Raspberry Pi 3B, however this has **not yet been tested**.

## Required Libraries
Currently required libraries are `opencv-python` and `numpy`.
If you run into import errors, you'll need to run the following commands to install the libraries:
- `pip install opencv-python`
- `pip install numpy`

## Examples
You can find some examples of what GeoCapture can do below:

### Video animation:
External link to YouTube:
https://youtu.be/TZ3zU0zz20M

### Raw frame (unprocessed):
<img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/technobird22/geocapture/master/examples/raw.jpg" width="300" title="raw frame">

### CLAHE applied:
<img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/technobird22/geocapture/master/examples/clahe.jpg" width="300" title="CLAHE applied">

### Overlay and CLAHE applied:
<img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/technobird22/geocapture/master/examples/clahe_overlay.jpg" width="300" title="Overlay and CLAHE applied">

Commit message:

Added input structure to readme

README.md, after:

# GeoCapture
GeoCapture is a program for automatically processing data received from geostationary satellites such as GK-2A.

## About
GeoCapture is designed to automatically take raw infrared LRIT images to bring out subtle details otherwise not recognized in the original image, as well as generate animations. GeoCapture is
built to process all of this data automatically, so you don't have to lift a finger. However, GeoCapture can be easily configured for manual use.
**See more information below**

## Features:
- Fully Automatic Image Processing
- Enhances Landmass and brings out subtle details by running Contrast Limited Adaptive Histogram Equalisation (CLAHE) on each frame.
- Automatically Parses and overlays relevant data
- *Incredibly* detailed log files.

## Soon to be added:
- Add false colour Overlays (eg. Enhanced Temperature)
- Underlay false colour
- Add crops for certain locations
- Repair dropped frames/packets
- Sharpen images

## Running GeoCapture
- Currently, the main script is `batch_process.py`, which, after being run, automatically does all the processing. It's relatively easy to change input directories/output locations from the code, where everything is clearly commented, however the ability to parse this argument wise will be added in the future. All the enhancements and processes are in the `geocap_utils.py` header file, although I am still moving some across.

## Input files
Input currently needs to be in the following directory structure:
```
    [Working Directory]
        - [Folder 1]
            - Image
            - Image
            - [More images]
        - [Folder 2]
            - Image
            - Image
            - [More images]
        - [Folder 3]
            - Image
            - Image
            - [More images]
        - more folders...
```
**Please ensure that your files are set up in this configuration!**
*Note: Will be updating inputs to be able to take data directly from xrit-rx in the future*

## Output files
**These can easily be changed**
- Directory containing all processed frames
- One video animation **for each day**
- One video animation containing all processed frames

## System Requirements
This script is relatively lightweight, using less than `200mb` of RAM and less than `20%` utilisation of my CPU (Quad core - 1.8GHZ) during testing. This may change as I add in more features, but it should stay relatively light.
I have restricted the running speed of the program by having it pause after processing a certain number of frames (200 frames right now), which **can** be disabled.
- Ram: `4Gb`
- Disk Space: >`10Gb`
- Processor: `1Ghz Dual Core` - (Anything built within the past 5 years for a laptop or desktop should work just fine)

This script should be able to be run alongside programs such as `GOESRECV` and `XRIT-RX` on a Raspberry Pi 3B, however this has **not yet been tested**.

## Required Libraries
Currently required libraries are `opencv-python` and `numpy`.
If you run into import errors, you'll need to run the following commands to install the libraries:
- `pip install opencv-python`
- `pip install numpy`

## Examples
You can find some examples of what GeoCapture can do below:

### Video animation:
External link to YouTube:
https://youtu.be/TZ3zU0zz20M

### Raw frame (unprocessed):
<img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/technobird22/geocapture/master/examples/raw.jpg" width="300" title="raw frame">

### CLAHE applied:
<img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/technobird22/geocapture/master/examples/clahe.jpg" width="300" title="CLAHE applied">

### Overlay and CLAHE applied:
<img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/technobird22/geocapture/master/examples/clahe_overlay.jpg" width="300" title="Overlay and CLAHE applied">
